two four six eight someone just told me
there rain rain is your stripper name
Lane I want to laughs - laughs - laughs
by the way Lane I found your stripper
name it'll it's rain I couldn't pick
anything but a monster truck what the
fuck yeah John Fu I'm trying to the
trash excuse me hey Lane what's the like
being a fucking bitch your motorcycle
just went in my ass and fucked me up
I'm a monster truck your knees would
affect me IRL No I'm so fucking this get
the fuck on my way you fucking sure we
have no why is it in GTA race why's our
guns why are you not Garrett's in a
fucking car he's literally in a
motorcycle I think all right guys you
have like two minute head start on me so
uh whoa Jesus
shut the fuck up zesty no I do have to
be a monster truck or you fucking lose
this you go right up here dude the bike
is easy you can get
is there a reason oh god is dance I
heard you call you call it was that
Garrett or was that some other fuck boy
well is he we use st you're being a
fucking cocksucking Canadian yours magaz
fourth of July and you're not a part of
American a so fuck you
independence day bitch boy so mad we get
the fuck out of here you filthy Canadian
you have an American flag in the back
heater fucking Moss truck
that's absolutely disgraceful that's
absolutely the fucking disgraceful code
okay that's a monster truck loses what
is the what is the boost fucking there
we go
I know what's that bad fuck oh it's e
thank you know if you told me that but I
said thank you anyway because I'm zesty
yeah why are you such a bad guy why you
come on he like you know why is this you
don't give me that bitch's first the
next thing you don't know what I'm not
going to go to vampire oh my god Jesse
I'm driving the liberator I am the
fucking liberator all gift box st
fucking hacking they're not hacking but
you're being a dick and you got fucked
right in the pussy he's being a dick
they got fucked in the pussy yeah he
fucked right in the pussy pussy so far
oh my god yo zestes cheating guys I'm in
sixth and I felt like I was in first
though shut up Gary I don't want to hear
your words Garret or your face your face
is so fucking Wow Jesse Jesse guess
who's behind you
zesty is Thursday there's a guy running
oh who is that who is this a cop this
isn't a player why Jesse please dolls se
Steve why are you doing stupid shit like
this buy the game eat longer
straightaways for these ghosts where are
you
give me one of these this game is absurd
first one I haven't been lasted
literally gonna die a bitch we sure
don't want to laugh can't fix the worst
mouth oh my god I just launched that cop
brendan is so mad so hardcore I stopped
waiting for meat all day all he's gonna
kill me that he never did he's a peasant
he's a fucking peasant binge-watch
brendan is a peasant Medina no let's
watch Brendan DMF no I'm not gonna no
I'm gonna be enough I'm not gonna be I
go shut the fuck up Zeus T you pussy
looking bitch God that was a nice DNN
was impressive that's right juicy good
game man you did a good job
I love you Brennan yeah you did a great
job
look at my best lap yes still pretty
great job dude you did a great job Kevin
good the Sun might be on the Sanchez you
fucking cheater you're the only one
what's it not what's it like being
fucking 12 years old Kevin that's what
you are it's all in here Kevin is not 12
years old yes he is have you seen him in
real life I have not
he's 12 and you're 5 9 okay Brennan
you're so stupid testing you are so
fucking stupid
Facebook and Twitter's down below